some 139 for the chief musician a psalm
some 139 for the chief musician a psalm of David or Lord you have searched me
of David or Lord you have searched me
of David or Lord you have searched me and known me you know my sitting down
and known me you know my sitting down
and known me you know my sitting down and my rising up you understand my
and my rising up you understand my
and my rising up you understand my thought afar off you comprehend my path
thought afar off you comprehend my path
thought afar off you comprehend my path and my lying down and are acquainted
and my lying down and are acquainted
and my lying down and are acquainted with all my ways but there is not a word
with all my ways but there is not a word
with all my ways but there is not a word on my tongue but behold Oh Lord
on my tongue but behold Oh Lord
on my tongue but behold Oh Lord you know it all together you have hedged
you know it all together you have hedged
you know it all together you have hedged me behind and before and laid your hand
me behind and before and laid your hand
me behind and before and laid your hand upon me such knowledge is too wonderful
upon me such knowledge is too wonderful
upon me such knowledge is too wonderful for me it is high I cannot attain it
for me it is high I cannot attain it
for me it is high I cannot attain it where can I go from your spirit or where
where can I go from your spirit or where
where can I go from your spirit or where can I flee from your presence if I
can I flee from your presence if I
can I flee from your presence if I ascend into heaven you are there if I
ascend into heaven you are there if I
ascend into heaven you are there if I make my bed in hell behold you are there
make my bed in hell behold you are there
make my bed in hell behold you are there if I take the wings of the morning and
if I take the wings of the morning and
if I take the wings of the morning and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea
dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea
dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea even there your hand shall leave me and
even there your hand shall leave me and
even there your hand shall leave me and your right hand shall hold me if I say
your right hand shall hold me if I say
your right hand shall hold me if I say surely the darkness shall fall on me
surely the darkness shall fall on me
surely the darkness shall fall on me even the night shall be light about me
even the night shall be light about me
even the night shall be light about me indeed the darkness shall not hide from
indeed the darkness shall not hide from
indeed the darkness shall not hide from you but the night shines as the day the
you but the night shines as the day the
you but the night shines as the day the darkness and the light are both alike to
darkness and the light are both alike to
darkness and the light are both alike to you for you formed my inward parts you
you for you formed my inward parts you
you for you formed my inward parts you covered me in my mother's womb I will
covered me in my mother's womb I will
covered me in my mother's womb I will praise you for I am fearfully and
praise you for I am fearfully and
praise you for I am fearfully and wonderfully made marvelous are your
wonderfully made marvelous are your
wonderfully made marvelous are your works and that my soul knows very well
works and that my soul knows very well
works and that my soul knows very well my frame was not hidden from you when I
my frame was not hidden from you when I
my frame was not hidden from you when I was made in secret and skillfully
was made in secret and skillfully
was made in secret and skillfully wrought in the lowest parts of the earth
wrought in the lowest parts of the earth
wrought in the lowest parts of the earth your eyes saw my substance being yet
your eyes saw my substance being yet
your eyes saw my substance being yet unformed and in your book they all were
unformed and in your book they all were
unformed and in your book they all were written the days of fashioned for me
written the days of fashioned for me
written the days of fashioned for me when as yet there were none of them how
when as yet there were none of them how
when as yet there were none of them how precious also while your thoughts to me
precious also while your thoughts to me
precious also while your thoughts to me Oh God how great is the sum of them if I
Oh God how great is the sum of them if I
Oh God how great is the sum of them if I should count them they would be more in
should count them they would be more in
should count them they would be more in number than the sand when I awake I am
number than the sand when I awake I am
number than the sand when I awake I am still with you oh but you would slay the
still with you oh but you would slay the
still with you oh but you would slay the wicked Oh God
wicked Oh God
wicked Oh God depart from me therefore you
depart from me therefore you
depart from me therefore you bloodthirsty men for they speak against
bloodthirsty men for they speak against
bloodthirsty men for they speak against you wickedly your enemies take your name
you wickedly your enemies take your name
you wickedly your enemies take your name in vain do I not hate them Oh Lord who
in vain do I not hate them Oh Lord who
in vain do I not hate them Oh Lord who hate you and do I not loathe those rise
hate you and do I not loathe those rise
hate you and do I not loathe those rise up against you I hate them with perfect
up against you I hate them with perfect
up against you I hate them with perfect hatred I count them my enemies
hatred I count them my enemies
hatred I count them my enemies search me O God and know my heart try me
search me O God and know my heart try me
search me O God and know my heart try me and know my anxieties and see if there
and know my anxieties and see if there
and know my anxieties and see if there is any wicked way in me
is any wicked way in me
is any wicked way in me and leave me in the way everlasting
and leave me in the way everlasting
and leave me in the way everlasting [Music]